docs(site): add FAQs section to site (#126)
ithaka/pharos: packages/pharos-site/src/pages/faqs.mdx

<PageSection title="How can Pharos help my development?" subSectionLevel={2}>
  <p>
    Pharos contains visual and behavioral components that are consistent with our design decisions
    out of the box.
  </p>
</PageSection>

<PageSection
  title="I tried adopting a component but encountered a number of issues. How do I know when something is usable?"
  subSectionLevel={2}
>
  <p>
    You can find the status of each component on the{' '}
    <PharosLink href="https://pharos.jstor.org/components/component-status">
      component status page
    </PharosLink>
    . This page will reflect the progress on various aspects of a component's readiness and help you
    understand what to expect before adopting a component so you can plan accordingly.
  </p>
</PageSection>

<PageSection title="What do I do if I still run into issues?" subSectionLevel={2}>
  <p>
    Give us the gift of feedback! When you run into issues it's important that you be vocal about it
    and not let that inhibit or discourage you from adopting Pharos. We need your help to identify
    the gaps and sincerely welcome feedback no matter how tough it is.
  </p>
  <p>
    You can start providing feed back via{' '}

>     <PharosLink href="https://github.com/ithaka/pharos/issues">Github issues</PharosLink>. For more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <PharosLink href="https://github.com/ithaka/pharos/issues">GitHub issues</PharosLink>. For more
```

    on dealing with issues, check out the{' '}
    <PharosLink href="https://pharos.jstor.org/contributing/development">

>       contribution guideline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      contribution guidelines
```

Or "contribution guide" would work, too.

import PageSection from '../../src/components/statics/PageSection.tsx';

<PageSection isHeader title="Pharos FAQ" />

<PageSection title="How can Pharos help my development?" subSectionLevel={2}>

>   <p>
>     Pharos contains visual and behavioral components that are consistent with our design decisions
>     out of the box. Pharos also seeks to overcome the challenges Bonsai faces around framework
>     interoperability, code bloat, and interdependent components.
>   </p>

Reviewer: This bit isn't contextualized enough for an external audience and I don't think it makes sense to keep it here:

```suggestion
  <p>
    Pharos contains visual and behavioral components that are consistent with our design decisions
    out of the box.
  </p>
```

</PageSection>

<PageSection
  title="I tried adopting a component but encountered a number of issues. How do I know when something is usable?"
  subSectionLevel={2}
>
  <p>

>     You can find the status of each component{' '}
>     <PharosLink href="https://pharos.jstor.org/components/component-status">here</PharosLink>. This

Reviewer: Should usually use the text of a link to indicate where it's taking you:

```suggestion
    You can find the status of each component on the{' '}
    <PharosLink href="https://pharos.jstor.org/components/component-status">component status page</PharosLink>. This
```

    page will reflect the progress on various aspects of a component's readiness and help you
    understand what to expect before adopting a component so you can plan accordingly.
  </p>
</PageSection>

<PageSection title="What do I do if I still run into issues?" subSectionLevel={2}>
  <p>

>     Give us the gift of feedback! When you run into issues it is important that you be vocal about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Give us the gift of feedback! When you run into issues it's important that you be vocal about
```

    it and not let that inhibit or discourage you from adopting them. We need your help to identify
    the gaps and sincerely welcome feedback no matter how tough it is.
  </p>
  <p>
    The recommended way to provide feedback is via Github issues. Creating an issue in the
    repository will provide a common place to track and discuss the nature of the issue, as well as
    potential solutions.

>   </p>

Reviewer: We could replace this whole paragraph with a short blurb and link to the contribution guidelines.

</PageSection>

<PageSection
  title="What are the risks of adopting components late or infrequently? How will we manage this?"
  subSectionLevel={2}
>
  <p>
    Design systems help bring consistency to platforms, so falling behind may result in duplication
    of effort in replicating styles and behaviors. It may also result in more catch up. Finally, if
    you're on an unsupported version of Pharos you may not benefit from the latest bug and security
    fixes.
  </p>

>   <p>
>     We'll be managing this by developing a support policy, using semantic versioning, and
>     communicating changes through change logs and regular write ups in Slack.
>   </p>

Reviewer: To broaden for an external audience:

```suggestion
  <p>
    We'll be managing this by developing a support policy, using semantic versioning, and
    communicating changes through change logs and discussions.
  </p>
```

</PageSection>

> <PageSection
>   title="I adopted a component on my pages just fine, but QA is having trouble testing it. What's the challenge there?"
>   subSectionLevel={2}
> >
>   <p>
>     Pharos components use the shadowDOM which introduces some complexities to testing. To simplify
>     these, we've created Pharos Gems to help other QA teams effectively test Pharos components. It's
>     advised that these Gems be used in QA tests to ensure that the correct elements are being
>     tested.
>   </p>
> </PageSection>

Reviewer: This should be removed as it's specific to our internal organization:

```suggestion
```
